Update end of year post and team assignments (#344)
2i2c-org/2i2c-brochure: content/authors/james-munroe/_index.md

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Product and Services Team
---

> James is Product and Community Lead for 2i2c. Coming from a background as an associate professor in the Department of Physics and Physical Oceanography at [Memorial University of Newfoundland](https://mun.ca), he is a strong advocate for enabling scientists and students to be efficient and effective in their computational workflows. Building on previous work in big data oceanography with links to the [Pangeo](https://pangeo.io/) project, [COSIMA](http://cosima.org.au/): Consortium for Ocean-Sea Ice Modelling in Australia, and [CIOOS](https://cioos.ca/): Canadian Integrated Ocean Observing System, James wants to bring the strength of the Jupyter ecosystem to users across a broad range of educational and research domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
James is Senior Product Manager, Open Science Enablement for 2i2c. Coming from a background as an associate professor in the Department of Physics and Physical Oceanography at [Memorial University of Newfoundland](https://mun.ca), he is a strong advocate for enabling scientists and students to be efficient and effective in their computational workflows. Building on previous work in big data oceanography with links to the [Pangeo](https://pangeo.io/) project, [COSIMA](http://cosima.org.au/): Consortium for Ocean-Sea Ice Modelling in Australia, and [CIOOS](https://cioos.ca/): Canadian Integrated Ocean Observing System, James wants to bring the strength of the Jupyter ecosystem to users across a broad range of educational and research domains.
```
